BASIC CARDING TuTORUAL(explanations) ALL YOU WANT TO NOW ABOUT CARDING

ALL YOU WANT TO NOW ABOUT #FULL Tutorial BY RKTHEHACKERBOY :

WHAT YOU NEED FOR SUCCESSFUL CARDING :

1. Computer

2. Socks (Compulsory || U may here to use VPN in carding. But it is a piece of shit)

3. Mac Address Changer (Must Use)

4. All in one cleaner (CCleaner)

5. RDP (Optional||But I prefer it for safety)

6. Drop (Optional || But need to use for more secure shopping sites)

7. Credit Card (CC)

Let me Explain how these requirements work and help you in carding:

1. Computer:

For carding I always prefer to use Computer. You may see many carder doing this in mobile. But it is not safe. So use PC. Don’t have PC, Even i will tell you the safest way of carding in mobile.

2. Socks

Socks 5 SOCKet Secure (SOCKS) is an Internet protocol that routes network packets between a client and server through a proxy server. So with this we can hide our IP. We used it to match our location same with Credit Cardholder Location to make a successful transaction. It’s don’t leak your DNS info but VPN do that so it is more secure than any VPN software.

3. MAC Address Change

MAC (Media Access Control) is a unique identifier assigned to network interfaces for communications on the physical network segment. A network node may have multiple NICs and each NIC must have a unique MAC address. MAC Address Changer allows you to change (spoof) Media Access Control (MAC) Address of your Network Interface Card (NIC) instantly. You may don’t understand it… it’s like your IP address. We will change it to stay anonymous and safe.

4. CCleaner

CCleaner is a very handy tool to clean your browsing history (temp files, cookies and also your Flash cookies, which many people neglect or don’t even know about. Flash cookies are stealthier than regular cookies. Flash can install cookies on your computer without your permission by default, and store the same info that regular cookies do (when you visited etc).

5. RDP (Remote Desktop Protocol)

RDP is a proprietary protocol developed by Microsoft, which provides a user with a graphical interface to connect to another computer over a network connection. The user employs RDP client software for this purpose, while the other computer must run RDP server software. It will connect you with any computer that is located in others country. We use it for stay anon and safety. In one word you will use someone’s pc for carding instead of your own…

6. Drop

Drop is an address which you use for shipping address in carding. Let me explain… If you are carding with a USA CC, if you use a USA address as shipping address then order will ship 100% & you will be safe. So we have to manage USA address. If we have friends or relatives then no problem. Otherwise there is lots of website that give drop service. We will order in drop address..this website will receive our products and will send to us.. they will take few charge for it. No need for every shopping sites. For hard security sites only.

7. Credit Card (CC)

Read all very carefully. Don’t be lazy. This is the main part of carding. As fast as u understand it, success will come as fast.. When you buy CC from shop or somewhere else. It will be like below format

| credit card number | exp date| cvv2 code | name on the card | address | city | state | country | zip code | phone # (phone # sometimes not included depending on where you get your CC from) |

For Example:

4305873969346315|05|2018|591|UNITED STATES|David Mechanic|23 Stoney Brook Lane|Middleton|MA|01949|

Types of Cards :

Each credit card company starts their cards with a different number:

3 – American Express (AMEX) 4 – Visa 5 – MasterCard (MC) 6 – Discover (Disco)

Each card company has their own specific types of cards, here are some of the basics:

Visa

Classic – a universal payment tool, which was adopted worldwide in any

locations designated by the logo of Visa, including ATMs, real and virtual stores, and shops offering goods and services by mail and telephone. This card is intended for those who already have experience in the use of bank cards. It also enjoys popularity among consumers of middle-income, as a guaranteed convenience, choice and financial flexibility.

Gold – One of the leading products, has been adopted worldwide and allows you to enjoy an impressive financial freedom (aka higher limit)

Platinum – These usually have limits over $10,000 (but remember, just because it has a high limit, doesn’t mean it isn’t already maxed out)

Signature – No preset spending limit – great bin to get

Infinite – Most prestigious card, virtually no limit. Though there are less in circulation so be cautious when buying these, stick with reputable sellers!

Business – Used for small to medium-sized businesses, usually has a decent limit.

Corporate – Medium to large size businesses, larger limit than Business.

Black – limited membership, $500 annual fee, high-end card, no limit

MasterCard

Standard – comparable to visa classic

Gold – comparable to visa gold

Platinum – comparable to visa plat

World – very high limit

World Elite – virtually no limit, high-end card.

Amex

Gold – usually around 10k limit

Platinum- usually higher limit, around 35k

Centurion – High limit, 75k+ (also known as the black card, not to be confused with visa’s black card)

What is BIN (Bank Identification Number)

– The first 6 numbers of CC is the BIN number.

– So from the above example, the bin is 486236

So now we will collect some info about this BIN. For that, there are so many websites. I prefer these below sites

1) www.bins.pro

2) www.exactbins.com

Go to above site, enter BIN and Click on Find… You will get result like bellow …

Paste image from pdf

Now we can calculate few things from above info.. approx balance, is this bin non vbv or vbv , Bank phone no. from google… etc. etc.I will explain later how to check cc balance with Skype method…

Let us know What is VBV/ NON-VBV/ MSC

VBV(Verified by Visa)

Extra verification process initially added by visa, there are different types of authentication used, most notably would be a password, date of birth, social security number, or mothers maiden name. Will send OTP to CC owner mobile No. or need secret Password when doing transaction in any process.

NON VBV(Verified by Visa)

Easy to use. No need of more info about CC like DOB, SSN, MMN. Also no need OTP when doing transaction.

MSC (Mastercard Secure Code)

As same as VBV We always buy NON VBV CC for carding. Cause the shopping site is VBV or NON VBV we don’t care, we have NON VBV CC. So no OTP, no AVS, no need SSN etc. NON VBV is not verifired by visa card, you can buy anything with non vbv cards without going through 3rd verification process. How to Buy NON VBV CC will explain later..

AVS – (Address Verification System)

A system used to verify the identity of the person claiming to own the credit card. The system will check the billing address of the credit card provided by the user with the address on file at the credit card company. This was an attempt to help identity theft and fraud over the internet. This is a system we as carders dont have to worry about since we have the billing address of the credit card holder. I mentioned it since it is good to be aware of it and that almost every site has this system. It emplifies the importance of typing in the address correctly.

I think u all know enough to do your first carding… So go to main part …

Before starting gather your all equipments:

Credit Card, Socks5 matching with CC owner address, CCleaner Software, MAC address changer software, High Speed internet

You can buy socks from www.vip72.com . Check socks for live or not with socksproxy checker app before set it in Firefox.

How to set socks in Mozilla Firefox:

Run firefox→ Go to Options→ → click on Advanced setting → Network

Now the screen will pop up with various options like : 1. No proxy; 2.Auto Detect; 3.Use system proxy; 4. Manual proxy configuration. You mark 4. Manual proxy configuration. Now type in socks host IP you have,

For example Socks Host: 141.0.8.24 Port: 1080

How to card :

1. Make a email (gmail, hotmail ) with CC matching name. For example If CC name is Peter Mortan then make like petermortan1990@gmail.com

2. Run Remote Desktop Connection and connect with your RDP Host. If u don’t use rdp then do the following steps in your pc..

3. Run MAC address changer, change all MAC address.

4. Run CCleaner. Analyze and clean.

5. Set socks5 in Mozzila firefox. I already explain how to do it..

6. Restart Firefox and goto www.check2ip.com and check your ip is blacklisted or not & as same as CC holder address.

7. Now open shopping site. I want to recommend a website shop from your country. Why? Because you dont need to wait a lot for your package

8. Register with credit card holder information, name, country, city, address, and email you made one just for this order.

9. Choose your item & add to cart. Never choose big amount first.

Try to card small amount item first within $500.

10. In shipping address enter your address or your drop address, where you want to deliver product.

11.Go to payment page, choose Credit Card as payment method

12.Enter your CC details. Like CC Number, CC holder name, CVV/CVV, Exp. Date. Don’t copy – paste info. Type it one by one. Cause most site have copy-paste detector script..

13. In Billing address enter CC holder address. Now proceed to payment.

14. I am sure if you do everything right then order will be successfully placed..

15. Wait for order to arrive to your shipping address. When they arrive the corier boy will call you. The ask for any ID card. If you can make fake ID card then good. Otherwise show your any ID card (Adhar Card, Voter ID, College ID card)

How to Card From Mobile:

Though I don’t prefer carding from mobile. But if you follow belowsteps carefully then you can do that.

Basic reqirements for carding from Mobile :

1. Mobile must be rooted. (offcourse I prefer any Android smartphone)

2. You must install few apps : IMEI changer, Phone ID changer, Android ID changer, Proxy Droid, CCleaner

3. You can use HMA VPN for carding in mobile.

4. You use SOCK5 proxy with Proxy Droid apps.

5. You must change IMEI, Android ID etc evrything before starting carding.

6. Now connect proxy droid with SOCKS5 proxy and connect it.

7. Now follow all steps of carding that mentioned above…

Ok, so you got your cc, your drop and try to be anonymous as you can make yourself.

Now, what sites are cardable?

-ANY AND ALL SITES ARE CARDABLE-

Why do I say that? because it’s true. Whatever your card, make sure that you have all your info prepared before carding it. If you don’t get success first time then you have to use other BIN CC and Others Method. Have used your brain & find different Logic for a different site. You may Kill 2-3 CC when trying any sites. But you will find out the working method for any site

OK….You know enough about CC. But don’t understand nothing.. Now let me clear all your doubt about acronyms and terms….

1. CC (Credit Card)

2. CCN (Credit Card Number) – Includes the number of the card and expiration date, no name or address.

3. CVV(Credit Verification Value) / (Card Security Code) / CVV2- The number on the back of the card used for verification purposes. 3 digit number for visa/mc and 4 digit for AMEX (American Express) (There is also CVV1 which is a verification number that is written into the magstripe on the back of the card that is read when the card is swiped)

For More Methods 
join our Telegram Channel https://t.me/rkhacked

#Rkthehackerboy
